c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\bin\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.exe.config
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\bin\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.exe
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\bin\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.pdb
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\bin\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.xml
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Resources.resources
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.ProductDetails.resources
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.exe
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.xml
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.pdb
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.SupplierDetails.resources
c:\users\client\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Qry_Product.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Qry_Supplier.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Qry_PurchaseOrder.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\Interop.ADOMD.dll
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.RG_ProductReport.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.RG_SupplierReport.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Tr_SupplierTransaction.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.Tr_PurchaseOrder.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.RG_PurchaseReport.resources
C:\Users\client\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\FruitManagemenrtSystem2\obj\Debug\FruitManagemenrtSystem2.RG_StockReport.resources
